we have one more video we do have one
more video it features uh... priest
nouns and he wants to get a prayer prior
to a nascar race in nashville tennessee
so his prayer is definitely is getting a
lot of attention on the internet and
you'll see why after we watch
pomeroy like you did not call him as
soon as you said and all
planes do plants so we will look like he
did not these money machines that you
brought forth thank you for that dot the
san antonio
society political that most of all we
thank you for asking its partner and
together so that we see each of us at
nine
thank you for c_ everett must
acknowledge denied on saturdays and it
doesn't know
decisions you desert
tried to put
diffusion
thank you
fancied
article about iguide
okay because i love that
at the start of the way through the
weren't sure like you said it seems to
be will smile but they're like
should we be smile was forcing prayer
anyway
an end to the way through there right
is this to increasing
and undermines his reaction but i also
love that you can find is paying
anything can be any jesus
happening
and he doesn't think it is not in our
life
than any and there was a great believer
meanwhile or whatever it is the fact
that that would be willing to org is not
resist getting together awful the public
me ab ledges is blessed g_m_ in every
other spots are the best metzger is yet
but it's a book about life
and skilled is clearly were whatever it
is the gunboats and very good luck
anytime he will again have fun
i love it i'm in favor
okay
and so
utah i don't know there is is only a
body itself there is in favor of it
but i wasn't perfect but more often
every jury in and have fun you remember
me chris
gave you my opinion that's for sure
yes no question
is only that the guy has become
surly myway com free favor pastors
murder
really or the other two i don't know mid
east evelyn and operate
minuscule these people do
she was walking with the latest
dr
well look what i do not know that by it
dot established and and and dot let them
out
at one time
danowitz